Hello! I'm Garrett Brillhart, I graduated from Purdue University with a Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering. My main focus is on software development and digital logic through all levels.
This includes low-level assembly coding for microcontrollers, C coding for microcontrollers and computation-intensive algorithms, as well as more high-level development with Python in AI and Computer Security and Networking.
I have microcontroller experience with my senior design project, Sink or be Sunk (See our demonstration at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ziMwrT-h9pU&t=23s and our github at https://github.com/Sink-or-be-Sunk). I dealt mainly with programming the I/O for the microcontroller and the board in C. Much of the work was testing and experimenting with digital circuits on a breadboard and then implementing them through the Team PCB.
My Python experience stems mainly from a Computer Security class, a Computer Network and Communication class, and Intro to Aritficial Intelligence class from Purdue University. In the security class, we wrote encryption algorithms, basic network attack programs, and exploitations. My Intro to Artifical Intelligence had many interesting projects, including a Pac-Man Min/Max AI, Sokoban puzzle solver, basic neural nets, and BlackJack learner. In the Computer Network and Communication class, I wrote layers of the OSI model in python. This includes the Spanning Tree Protocol for Data Link Layer, Distance Vector and Link State algorithm for Network Layer, a basic TCP implementation for the transport layer and a simple http server and client for application layer.
